"x"
"I have been a Macbook pro user for last 2 years. I came across the new Macbook air and got a chance to put hands on it. So here is a brief review on my first impressions. Basically i will be comparing this with a regular laptop of similar price range and Macbook PROAir benefits compared to Non Apple laptop:# Slim and light weight for daily travel# 10-11 hours battery backup on normal usage# Apple touch pads are awesome, smooth and responsive compared to any premium laptop# Audio quality on speakers is good, but not as loud as my Macbook Pro 13# Apple front camera works the best in low light, best for low light skype calls# SSD - Apps launch very fast despite the low power processor# Metal body construction# Mag safe charger- If you are really careless this helps very much.# Ambient light sensor that adjusts brightness automatically ( Many people are not aware of this feature)# Keep your Air closed or leave somewhere idle and check back after 2 or 3 days, you will see battery has dropped less than 3 or 4 %# The best part - Mac OS, contains all that you need, a neat calendar, Todos app, notes, Quicktime, Mail app etc. Hassle free OSAir demerits compared to Non Apple laptop:# Performance is on lower side# Good for basic usage only, internet, movies, video calls, spreadsheets, mail# You will get better display(Full HD) if you buy a 999$ Ultrabook from US (In India they come at premium)Should you consider Macbook PRO? - PRO advantagesI know a lot of people might be confused whether to go with PRO for some additional bucks. So listing benefits of pro from my experience# Force touch - More comfortable touch pad, less finger pain compared to buttons on Air, Adjustable pressure# Retina display - More pixels, Better viewing angle. Air is 1440x900 while PRO is 2560x1600 pixels# Better performance - Pro CPU is actually about 50% faster than AIR, but in real world tests, apps launch at similar speed in both PRO and Air. The difference is notable only when you run CPU intensive tasks like Programming, Video encoding, Photo editing, Raw conversion etc. Those who are not into this can go with Air and save some money.# Newer CPU -  Macbook air has not evolved much compared to PRO. The 2017 Air uses the same fifth generation CPU as the previous version (2015). But with a little upgrade in CPU speed. ie 1.6 GHz to 1.8 GHz. The newer PROs come with 7th generation Intel processors. The difference is mainly with the energy consumption.# HDMI port - You don't need display port adaptor# New keyboard - The 2016 PRO has the same keyboard as the \"Macbook\". Keys are less deeper and more wider. This makes it little more comfortable to type. Air comes with the same old keyboard as 2015 PRO# Wider touch pad - Not a big deal. But if someone loves that, its a bonus# Color options - Yes, Air is only available in Silver, PRO comes in 3 color optionsIf you think, all the above justifies the price difference between the PRO and Air, go for the PRO. The only benefit that Air offers is battery life. PRO offers 8-9 hours only, while Air offers, 11-12 hours battery.Whom Air is for?Macbook air is not a gaming machine or for hard core users. Its for people who love to watch lot of movies, work on documents, browse and some basic programming. When i say programming, Xcode works fine on Macbook air. But Software like Android studio, Photoshop seems to struggle a little on Air. But if you are once in a while user of intensive apps, you can ignore this.I will update my review with more details after a few weeks of hands on testing and usage. If you have any queries leave a comment below. I will try to answer in a day or two.[...]! Thanks"
"its a amazing product for a normal user....amazon had a good packing also"
"Very fine"
"its amazing."
"Awesome ultraportable notebook. great battery backup and performance. if new to apple macbooks, must buy to get accustomed to macOS. recommend everyone to go for it whenever there is a sale."
"I bought macbook air on September, After 45 days i faced a problem on my macbook that its hanging then i try to restart my macbook it didnt but the machine is heating upto battery dry i try to make it run on my weekend but i cant, I am looking for service center now.Friends please check twice the product when you buy it on offer, It may defective I bought it for 45k in offer but actual price is 66k"
"I got a crazy deal on this and went for it. And it’s a brilliant piece of machinery. The ease of use, the sleekness to it, the minimal weight. I was very reluctant to switch from windows to a Mac, but the experience has been pretty stellar so far. Great display, great audio, great response."
"The only thing I don't like is the pages app (the native doc file opener) as the text in the doc file from MS Word seems totally misaligned when opened in pages app.....For those who have a doubt regarding the Display of MacBook after reading a lot of comments, Display on MacBook Air is Beautiful if you previously owned a budget windows laptop with 1336x768 display. Ofcourse if you had a Full HD High Quality (not the cheap lenovo /acer panels found in low or mid segment laptop) panel found in laptops of range 60-120k laptops then you will have a problem, otherwise just go for it."
"This product is superb and wonderful.  The picture quality and sound is crystal clear.  The  product has been sent in absolutely safe and brilliant packing.  Above all,  the product has been made available with an unbelievable and amazing cash back offer of Rs.9800/-  which nobody could resist.Thanks Amazon and Apple.  Thumps up"
"Macintosh has come a long way since its inception back in 1984 and continues to delight us with its innovation mixed with futurist thinking. This 2017 version of MacBook is basically an ‘old wine in a new bottle’ getting a minimal increase of 0.2 GHz in processor speed over the 2015 version. Despite having negligible changes, MacBook Air 2017 remains the best choice for the Indian masses.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  Why a MacBook Air?  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Anyone trying to get their hands on this sleek beauty should definitely ask this question to themselves. Only after getting satisfactory answers, should they go forward to even ‘think’ of owning it.If you are into playing high graphics games, fancies in having terabytes of movies as a collection or gets pleasure in listening to loud music minus headphones, this device is definitely not for you to wish upon.However, if you are a frequent traveller, interested in neck-breathing performance coupled with really long battery life and is conscious of fashion etiquettes, this product is a must buy.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  Positives  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::1) Sleek and Ergonomic Design  --  MacBook Air is a piece of silvery beast, ergonomically designed to appeal your senses, simultaneously making a fashion statement.2) Quite Lightweight  --  MacBook Air justifies its name, feels very light and hence much portable.3) Excellent Backup  --  Apple has definitely amazed me with the battery backup of the device which touches 11 hours on full charge. Additionally, if you leave it on sleep mode for a couple of days, it will hardly deplete even 2% each day. Don’t believe me? Try it out!4) Lightning Fast Booting  --  The device boots itself in approximately 3 seconds and takes hardly 4 seconds to shut down.5) Sugarcoated with Solid State Drive  --  Since this device used Solid State Drive (SSD) as its storage medium; it is not only super fast but also extremely quiet.6) Fast MagSafe Charger  --  Well, the Air comes with MagSafe 2, a magnetic connector which attracts your charging inlet when taken near it. The charger charges the Air from 0 to 100 percent in less than 90 minutes, which is damn fast.7) Noise Less Front Camera  --  The camera it possesses is practically noise free and can impart exceptional picture even in low lighting conditions.8) Ambient Light Sensors  --  As all of you might have known, MacBook comes with keypad lightning, not to mention the backlit Apple logo. All of these are sensor enables and thus adjusts according to the lighting conditions.9) Ample Key Spacing  --  Apple packs a well designed keyboard in a 13.3 inch laptop giving ample amount of space between the keys and this is what I call an engineering marvel.10) Mac OS  --  The presence of Mac OS is solely enough to own a MacBook, taking into factor the OS’s multi-level security, super stability, attractive GUI, virtually driver-less experience and its ability to recognise any Apple products. Additionally, having a personal assistant in name of Siri does not hurt anyone.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  Negatives  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::1) Screen Resolution  --  Air is packed with LED backlit glossy display of resolution of 1440 x 900 pixels (HD Ready) with 128ppi. Not owning a laptop with at least a Full HD resolution in 2017 is surely a setback.2) No Dedicated Graphics  --  Nowadays, even basic games in the market requires a dedicated graphics and not having it clearly dismisses playing any game in this beastly device.3) Lower Bass  --  Although the device outputs good quality audio, there is a certain lack of bass being felt, which, in my opinion, could have been easily taken care of.After going through the pros and cons above, I am of the opinion that the decision making of yours will certainly be more definite. Also, be sure to look out for offers in Amazon as I got this device as low as 45K.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  A Kind Request  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Many of you have messaged me on Facebook asking either about the offer or about the device in details.I request anyone requiring any further help to kindly comment below this review or email me (found on my profile bio) as all your messages on facebook were in the 'Message Request' section and I did not get any notification for the same.If you are not comfortable publicly discussing, at least comment here saying 'Check your Facebook' or likewise so that I get aware of your willingness to reach me.Apologies to all who could not get my reply on time; it was unintentional."
"I was also in the same catagory who thinks Apple products are costly and people buy for the brand name, trust me my perceptions changed after using this \"solid weapon\", after a long wait and many research I bought this laptop.you get most slim and stylish laptop in just 50k, MAC OS is just awesome, nothing can beat this, performance and style is unmatchable with any other laptop in this price range, most light weight and fastest processor ever I used.-If we talk about RAM 4GB is pretty enough for normal official use if you aren't looking for kids job of gaming and all.-Apple i5 processors are even better than being used in any other brands like DELL, HP, LENOVO and others.-Privacy protection makes Apple as one sided winner in this race.-128GB is sufficient if you are looking for professional work or personal use(keep storing movies aside), can easily get 1TB hard disk in just 1-3k for t  that there is no sense to buy 256GB version or above-It looks much better than other apple laptops-web camera is better than apple's Retina display variant-2017 model is much improved and advanced-9 hours battery back up that is unbelievable for its competitors, no doubt why apple is the biggest brand and king of this industry-Finally a person who is looking to get a laptop within 60k, undoubtedly go for it if your purpose is browsing and other basic official stuffs"
"Update After 3 weeks of usage :It is worth every penny. After charging battery fully once, it starts giving backup of 10-11 hours. Do remember to charge it full for few times in the beginning. Boot time is like 5-8 seconds. I am a programmer and I am able to run multiple IDEs at once and it runs without a glitch. Go for it. I tried many windows laptop but this is way ahead than my 1 lakh Dell Latitude Laptop.Old ReviewI really bought it for better battery life and a handy laptop. But it looks like the battery is little bit of problem here. In my last few days of usage, I always have to keep it up on charging and after fully charging it it works only for few hours not 10-11 which is being promised everywhere. I did every test I could and it passed all the test but the battery is draining very fast. Shall I ask for a replacement?"
"Mac air (2017) is decent. No doubt, works very smoothly. If you are going to buy Mac just for uninterrupted day to day work then it would be better to buy a HP or DELL laptop having similar budget and then installing UBUNTU OS in it with Windows 10 . Ubuntu OS runs pretty smoothly. Also, it would be a better choice than Mac air as they (hp and dell) provide much nicer graphics and higher ROM . Don't just buy because it is an Apple product."
"The laptop is just so awesome!!!Being a windows user for years, was a bit skeptical on going with this, but my was totally wrong!!!My initial laptop had some screen issues but the replacement though late on the part of amazon, has proven to be an awesome companion with me getting a battery life of almost 12-13 hours...n what more the OS is fast and optimized, and it never lags or crashes like a windows computer...The screen though low in resolution produces amazing colors...n the trackpad is the best I have used till date...Now I understand, why professionals always go for apple macbooks...Bcoz once u use them u ain't going back to Windows.P.S: A star should have been deducted bcoz of amazon delaying the replacement...But the product is so good that it has won me over."
"In short, This laptop is really good for Rs. 55,000. First things first, this laptop isn't for gaming (as expected from MacOS). I didn't buy from Amazon but you'll get exact same model and you'll get exact same experience as me. So this review is still useful.If you want something premium, this is it. It's really light. Every inch of this laptop feels premium. The build quality is just what you would expect from Apple and that is 'The Best'. The keyboard is also awesome. You really can't find better keyboard and trackpad on any laptop in this price range. For charging, it uses Magsafe which is Apple's magnetic charger which is really good.That's for the build quality. The software experience is also just great. It comes with macOS Sierra preinstalled. However, you can update it to High Sierra. If you are coming from Windows, this will be a little difficult to use but once you get the hang of it, you would probably love it. It's just so much fluent. And it only get's better with the trackpad gestures. The gestures are really useful like 3 finger swipe to change desktops, 2 fingers to scroll, 3 finger and a thumb pinch for Launchpad (Launchpad is like Windows' Start Menu), etc.Battery life is just amazing. I was able to get upto 5 hours of coding, 2 hours of YouTube video playback, and 2 hours of browsing all with a single charge and got still 30% left. It also charges really fast. So that means that you'll have no problem with Battery.The only thing that's bad is the display. It's a TN panel which means the viewing angles are not at all good. If you tilt it a little bit, you will start noticing colour shift. However, the screen is better than lot of other laptops at this price point. Also, this laptop was first announced in 2015, so it has old 5th generation i5  but then too, there is no performance issues whatsoever. It will be supported for like more 5 years so you'll be good to go.One complaint I had that not many of you would have is that it doesn't ship with a thunderbolt to HDMI cable. What that cable does is that it allows you to connect your laptop to another display or TV that has a HDMI port and view your display on it. This laptop has that functionality but it doesn't ship with the cable so that's kind of a problem. But anyways, you might not be interested in it. And it is not at all a big thing."
"Thanks to amazon for this awesome product at such an affordable price. Amazon's delivery is awesome. I got my package in three layers so there were no damage and the product was delivered one day before the expected date. So this review is for those who think that prepaid online delivery of this much price is not safe. So let me tell you Amazon is completely trustworthy site, i got my product, a brand new one, no refurbished piece, and delivery is excellent. Even i was hesitating before putting this much amount of money for a prepaid order online, but believe me its completely safe.  About the product:---  This mac runs so smooth that you can run android studio with terminal , emulator and many other apps at the same time. The smooth running is because of its SSD and 8gb RAM.It has some heating issue but you can ignore them. So for a normal guy go for it without thinking twice. And for the Android and Web developers this product is awesome. Its drawback is that it has just 128 gb SSD so there may be a storage problem, otherwise it is a great product."
"Best buy I've made till date.. Perfect for blogging and 1080p video editing. Mac OS for me like crazy.. It's integrated in such a way that you can do anything with amazing fluidity.. I'm damn sure ; My next laptop is going to be an Apple product."
"I got this product for 49999/- which was great value for money. This is my second MBA, I bought my first one from a seller from eBay for 59,999/- I used it for roughly two years (started developing problems such as trackpad issues, keys not working within a month and finally the airport/wifi stopped working all together). So far so good no defects detected till date and I am hoping it will last me at least another 2 years. Great Seller, it was well packaged and very quick delivery."
"Apple has merely tweaked the processor speed with its 2017 update to its MacBook Air, but it remains an affordable, lightweight, compact cracker of a laptop.In June 2017 Apple updated the processor on its 13in MacBook Air from 1.6GHz to 1.8GHz - not a massive improvement as the processor is the same generation as the MacBook Air used when it was last significantly updated in 2015 - but the MacBook Air remains a great choice for an entry-level Mac laptop.The MacBook Air is the laptop you see in coffee shops, libraries, offices, and student digs all over the world. Apple might have forgotten it in favour of the sharper-screened 13in and 15in MacBook Pro and dinkier 12in MacBook, but the masses still love the lightweight, entry-level Air.Apple isn’t calling its most recent MacBook Air update a “new” model, but to distinguish it from its otherwise very similar Early-2015 MacBook Air we’ll call it the Mid-2017 MacBook Air."
"Best product for the sweetest deal. Have been using Macbook Pro from 2011. Got this Macbook Air on Amazon Sale for an unbelievable price in exchange for the old MacBook pro. Factor in the offers from HDFC cards it makes it even sweeter. Thanks."
"The product is great. Apple lives up to its expectation when it comes to delivering quality.I got this product at a very reasonable price on Amazon. Here I would like to compliment Amazon for the speed with which the y delivered this product to me .If I have to knit pick a con with this product, then I would say that the screen of this product could have been better. I also use iMac, there is a huge difference in terms of screen quality when it comes to comparing it with the iMac ."
"Brilliant product. This is a work horse and the best laptop for that price.i bought it for 53k but the next day the prices dropped to 45k (sale was on)... however, no regrets. Super happy with this product."
"Very good product.Thanks to Amazon for giving this opportunity of adding promotional balance to my account once I received my Laptop."
"Superb product with great battery life bought at just 46k during sale day early in the morning.Product body is very sturdy and happy to see Tht warranty dates and everything are updated from cloudtail on apple site"
"Great product!!! Everything is just awesome. From early delivery to cash back. Everything went so smoothly. Thanks a lot Amazon, thanks a lot Cloudtail India. Even warranty of the product started from the day of delivery. I can't just express my emotions. Go for it without any hesitation. Love it!!!"
"This beautifully crafted Laptop is awesome! Worth every penny. I never used a Mac before and I am surprised how apple co can deliver such a powerful laptop at such a price. Yes you can use VLC player on it.. battery life is 10 hours long and standby of 30 days “wow” Just wow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E> full aluminium uni body.. go for it!"
"Eagerly waiting for the prices to drop back to ~<U+20B9>45000"
"Smooth as butter, if you are concer about the display, don't worry it's awesome even if it's not a retina display. Excellent battery backup. In love seriously in love with this beauty.. Just keep it clean. Damn it's awesome. <U+2665><U+FE0F><U+2665><U+FE0F><U+2665><U+FE0F><U+2665><U+FE0F>"
"I bought this laptop after wondering if it's justified enough for me to purchase a MacBook Pro 13\" in India which costed nearly 122k with just 8 GB RAM and 256 GB SSD, now having purchased a base config MacBook Air, I am very happy, mainly because I was able to buy it for under 45k by exchanging my older Lenovo laptop which was giving me a severe headache.I'm a software engineer and I have a company issued MacBook Pro 15\" late 2016, I wanted a MacBook which I could use for my personal tasks so I began looking for one, after looking at various models at different Apple stores I came to a conclusion that it's not worth buying a 2017 MacBook Pro as theres no significant advantages or reasons to buy one over lets say a 2015 MacBook Pro, the differences are very minor and unnoticeable in your day to day tasks. Even the screens are not revolutionary, they are not 4K yet and they do not fully support 4K and 5K video playback, my iPhone 7 and iPad Pro 10.5\" are way faster when compared to these newer Macs if you look at just the benchmarking scores, I hope this explains why I think that they are not worth their money.Now let's talk about MacBook Air, I don't understand why it gets so much bad rap,I get that the screen is not very good, but it's still very good, it's better than any other Windows laptop you could buy at this price.Configuration:It has 8 GB RAM and 128 GB SSD and has a i5 5350U processor which is an excellent configuration.Storage:Out of the box I got about 102 GB to work with, after the software update and installing Java, Android Studio, XCode, IntelliJ and some apps from Mac Store, I was left with about 90 GB, this is very very good.Performance:The performance is a breeze, I had about 20 tabs open in Chrome and Safari and still had over 5 GB RAM to work with, Android Studio and X Code run like a breeze, startup time is excellent and I was able to launch simulators on both editors in an instant and due to abundant RAM using both code editors at the same time is possible. Geekbench 4 score was about 3500 for single core and 6800 for multi core.Battery Life:Battery Life is phenomenal, I am able to consistently pull off 13-14 hours every day, I am very happy with this.Keyboard and Trackpad:Keyboard and Trackpad are in the league of their own, they are springy and very very responsive, Mac OS has these track pad shortcuts that work very well and save you time if you know where to use them.Ports:2 USB 3.0 ports, 1 Thunderbolt Display port, a headphone jack and a Mag safe charger port so yeah you won't have to carry those adapters around.Build:Very lightweight, durable and portableScreen:Not the best in the world but its very much manageable, it's noticeable if you use a retina MacBook Pro like me at office, but for me this is a non issue since I hook it up to an external monitor.Verdict:This is the best bang for buck laptop you can buy, Mac OS is the best OS out there, the hardware is the best you can buy and performance is very very good, it's not at all as bad as the reviewers write, it has an i5 processor for gods sake. In short if you want a laptop that can last for half a decade or more buy this, you won't regret."
"Excellent product... Got it for 48k..Many people say the display is bad. I found it very good. Similar to what we get with laptops in this price range. Viewing angles are not that great but not a deal breaker.Battery life is just mind boggling. 10-11 hours of screen on time.MAC OS is butter smooth"
"I bought it 3moth back, for learning Sketcapp. It's worth in all aspect- performance, battery life and display. I only disappointed with the storage device. Its come with 128GB Hard Disk Size. But overall perfect till now."
"Its is just amazing . I use it for trading it is just perfect. Dear game lovers stay awsy from these . Battery packup is just amazing . I used to trade on hp laptop maximum battery back up is 4 hours . I can work on it non stop for 8 hours. They packed in a unique way ."
"Computer interaction doesn't get better than this. For those holding out because of the limited storage, you could always buy the Transcend 128 gb upgrade stick at a later stage."
"Excellent!! I was scared after placing the order as some of my friends told negative feedback about items online and also said it could be and used item. But that’s not the case. Absolutely new item, no hidden conditions or charges in the Amazon festival offers!!!"
"Ohhh Man, Simply Amazing.Bagged it at 49000. Got the delievery on 2nd Day. Thanks Amazon. This is my first macbook experience. If you want to use of just documentation then go for 128 GB otherwise get 256 GB. Because, Always using external hard isnt the good idea considering the damage possibility to your external hard disk."
"A high quality product, as expected of Apple.  For those used to Windows, someone to give tips on usage (like what is the equivalent of right click) would be helpful."
"Product is getting heated while downloading large files. I've kept it ins stable surface no blockage of air  but then also it is getting heated.checked with customer care guys they are saying it is normal.can any body help me through this..."
"The Serial number on the product and the serial number on the laptop are different."
"Great experience with amazon.This was the first time i ordered on amazon. The delivery was made 2 days before the mentioned date.The macbook air was packaged very nicely without any damage. The machine is awesome. Everything is so legit and 1st class quality as ever, the aluminium body is great, the magsafe charger is very convenient to charge, the whole experience was exciting and great."
"Delivery was excellent. I was using Dell laptop before this, being a lawyer I was extensively using M.S word and excel, after purchase for about few days it was not easy to understand the pages and numbers with the hectic work which we need to handle, however as the day progressed it was ease and helpful since I had invested in the apple eco-system. But still word and excel are widely used and I need to convert before sending it to my clients. Though their is a export option but still the exported docs file are not compatible fully with widows laptop, for instance if you are using the track change option the deleted sentence/mark up does to appear in the exported docs and still there are few other issues like this. Printers we use will not be compatible with the apple software and their updates in the beginning and we need to run around to print documents till the printer release the update. But there are many advantages of MacBook which includes battery back up + you can easily carry multi task + advantage if you have invested in apple eco system + light weight + easy to move + premium look + till now I haven't seen any slow or virus issue (used for 3 months) + apps advantage + advantage of iCloud (if you are using it) + good for eyes (but I need to keep 13 inch much closure compared to my earlier 15 inch dell laptop). I continue to enjoy this new product of mine....  hope this review helps you in understanding more about the product, ignore spell and grammar"
"Packing quality.Product delivered before time, kudos to amazon for that, packaging was good, apple box was completely sealed.Storage-I got the 128Gb ssd model, after updating to High serria(latest OS), and installing java sdk 8, Android studio with 3 Sdks, anaconda(python), brackets and xcode 9, i am left with 79.27 gb of space.In the boxCharger with extra 3 pin powercord.It is magsafe, so you dont have to worry if someone yanks your cord.Apple Macbook Air2 apple logo stickers.Build qualitySuperior, feels very premium and high class, also the apple logo glows.DisplayMany people are comparing the display of air to the pro model, which is wrong in my opinion, if you are comig from a mid range display 1366 x 768, this display will simply blow you away with its brightness and clarity, if you have used a full hd display, you might not feel much of a difference.Battery life.Yet to test it, but initial impression is great.Mac OSComing from windows, boot up time is fast, but that can be attributed to 128ssd as well.But the OS simply seems smooth and has no lag.Processor5th gen i5 processor with 8gb ram Android studio loads in approx 10 seconds, gradle completes in 6 secs.WarrantyActivated for 1 year, genuine product, but you can login with your apple ID to support and see your warranty."
"Good laptop for the price I got it. If you can get it for anything less than 50k in 2017... It's a good buy... i.e. Better than windows machine at this price even if windows 10 has become as good as Mac.Some reasons to buy it-Want to use Mac OSUmmm.... That's it."
"Flawless. Delivered before time. No other laptop comes even close for the price. Watch out for discounts, 45k is the lowest I've seen this go. Good for any tasks you throw at it, development, video editing."
"An excellent opportunity to own a master piece during great indian amazon sale  on the first day itself. Saved over <U+20B9> 25000 . No need to scrutinize product as it is a MASTER PIECE."
"Great product from Apple. Very light and portable with long lasting battery and smooth functioning. Got a real good deal from Amazon at 45k. Excellent service by Amazon prime delivery as always."
"Yes I'm Apple fanboy. But this product is really amazing at its price. Ofcourse its not for heavy duty tasks. But it can do most of the job very easily.I'm a professional programmer and i feel this machine is amazingI recommend every one to purchase this machine.No need of  antivirus software"
"It's too early to write a review, but still it's an amazing deal to get this pdt @45k.got on time delivery and m in love with it's Stylo look and overall features.Thank you Amazon."
"I am been using this mac for almost 2 months and its a great product. its slim and handy, using it for web development (i quite use more than 8gb for my applications) but the performance is quite good. with my usage battery last for  8hrs which is quite phenomenal.Boot time is 2 sec which i never seen in any of laps."
"I love the laptop. It has all the qualities I needed in a laptop. Swift typing keyboards, long battery life, a sensitive trackpad. Writing my book on this laptop I believe is going to be great fun."
"1 usb port is not functioning properly."
"Amazing product by Apple,awesome build quality.10 times quick then windows laptops.got a nice deal paid 43k"
"Really satisfied with the purchase, good packaging and on time delivery. Amazing,light weight. Nice deal, so quite satisfied."
"This my second apple product.  This is the best thing to opt at 50k and the only product at this price which has an excellent battery backup.This machine can easily handle medium usage task so if you are one of the average users, just go for it."
"Amazing product at an Amazing Price ! Thanks to Amazon for offering value for money offers !"
"I have been using this laptop since 3 months now and here is my view on it.Pros- Decent battery life and sound quality, mostly inaudible under moderate load, nice Wi-Fi performance,16:10 display, well made.Cons- Low-resolution TN panel feels outdated, highly reflective display, very limited upgradability and maintainability,128 GB base model is quite hefty for this price, too expensive for what it offersAir’s basic concept still shines through all this gloom and dust"
"Please be cautious, the SSD in the machines in India are giving up too early. Mine got spoiled in 18 months usage. Replace for new SSD cost is around 45000/- in Indian service centres. Used SSDs are available for 20k.  My colleague's machine lasted for 20 moths. Decide for yourself.Curse me if I discouraged you. Bless me if it serves as wisdom. You may be lucky."
"Click helpful, if u want price drop again to 44k. More hits will make it to appear at top and more chances to be seen by buisness amazon analysts. Support by pressing helpful."
"It's a good experience.But getting rid of malware is much easier in windows, though it's more likely to get affected, than in Mac. Yes, Mac does get adware malware attacks.It's really annoying to find it and get rid of it."
"Really proud to have this laptop.If you are a windows user, you will take time getting used to Mac .. otherwise it is really fast and good for normal browsing, movies etc ..."
"Its amazing and really fine to use thank you Amazon"
"It’s been just 2 months and the device has already stopped functioning. It doesn’t turn on. I need a replacement. I’m very angry and disappointed."
"will buy for 51k"
"Over all its awesome... The screen it's just ok. but if your roommate or someone near you uses MacBook Pro with Retina display (sadly my roommate has MacBook Pro)haha. The screen will kinda let you down.If its for school or college works... you can't ask for a better one. But feel free to go for new MacBook Pro if money is not the issue.lol"
"MAC OS SIERRA not working  properly.  It's showing error every time.  And other applications not installed properly."
"Great device. Just started using it today and it is really light, sturdy and worth every penny for 57k"
"Bought it for 50K. Worth every rupee. Switch over from Windows a bit difficult. It has many commonalities with the  IPAD 3 I have been using for  many years now.Best part is that it charges in less than 2 hours and last for more than 12 hours.Great looks and build quality. A great product from Apple"
"Why spend 2 lac on a pro when for all my needs this is bestIt has it all battery backup, backlit keyboard, sleek design, potability etc Love it"
"Apple products don't disappoint. The MacBook air is no exception to this rule. It does everything right just the way you could dream of, with a touch of class that's beyond any other manufacturers. I'm simply loving it and probably will never switch back to windows again!"
"Nicely delivered on time... quite happy..Disappointed with apple, its slow in processing... Apple must change \"made in CHINA\" to made is some US/Korea/IndiaMy windows is much faster and User friendly."
"For the price I got after exchanging my laptop, I can't really complain, except there is a funny strong plastic smell to the laptop."
"Firstly, I got my mac for INR 44990/- from amazon. I got this delivered the very next day I placed my  order on amazon prime.Features are good and eye catching and the accessories they have provided is very much effective and have a very good look."
"The battery life is brilliant.... Such a pleasant experience using it.....best PC one could get"
"Screen is a let down, good option as a daily driver though."
"Simply Superb.....No words about this amazing apple product, amazing battery backup and excellent service by Amazon reached safely with excellent packing..."
"Nice product and time delivery.. very happy with this product...as per my personal experience if purchase from local so called malls you may loose around 10,000 more money .."
"Excellent product. Same as my friend bought form retail store"
"The laptop is awesome.it is working as expected.Only thing is Storage concerns .Storage is 128 Gb which at time can be  problem otherwise u can go for 256Gb costing 17k moreThanks"
"As always Apple does it again...And salute to the Amazon team for giving it at a wonderful price and special mention to the pristine packaging...Beautiful.."
"Value for money MacBook - Ideal for students - Gifted it to my son who is a iOS programmer apart from a student.His feedback has been good"
"Not exactly the best features within this price range and not the best display in today's generation of FHD. But still believe it's worth it when it comes to quality, build and responsiveness. And not to forget Apple products last very long and remain new even after years of use. Battery actually lasts about 9 hours with video streaming, screen brightness is great and keyboard is well lit with automatic sensors. Keys are sturdy and the touch pad is as smooth as 16 year old whiskey. Definitely a good choice for the apple experience at a power budget."
"Product is good! But i received different serial number printed in invoice."
"Don't want to mention anything for apple MAC book :)Super product"
"Hey guys, if you are thinking of purchasing the MacBook Air, chances are that you already know it's best for you but if you wanna know some extra stuff, it's here. Just pay a look and you'll be glad you did.Let's get on with it.=====PROS=====-Excellent battery life.-Fast storage.-Great Keyboard.=====CONS=====-Dated design.-Display.-Speakers.Two years and three processor generations later, Apple is selling what is essentially the 2015 MacBook Air with ever-so-slightly closer to 2017 components inside.The 12-inch MacBook, as well as the 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pros were all refreshed earlier this year, complete with more up-to-date Intel Kaby Lake processors, yet notably the MacBook Air only received a minor processor clock boost. It certainly makes you wonder whether Apple cares about the MacBook Air, but nevertheless it’s a fine, long-lasting laptop for general use.The MacBook Air also has the advantage of legacy ports, which Apple has sadly discarded from its modern-day lineup. Whereas the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro have gone all-in on USB Type-C and Thunderbolt 3, respectively, the MacBook Air retains the ‘regular’ USB 3.0 ports and SD card slots of the past.=====DESIGN=====By and large, the MacBook Air generally looks the same as it has since 2010, and there don’t appear to be any changes in tow, either. That’s a shame, particularly because we’re now seeing virtually bezel-less laptops with smaller footprints and high resolution screens that dismally put the MacBook Air in its place.Forget the Dell XPS 13's physics-defying InfinityEdge display, which is lightyears ahead – even Apple's 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina, once seen as slightly tubby compared to the Air, has a smaller footprint and takes up slightly less space on your lap.Yet, the old ‘if it ain't broke’ mantra applies – at least to a point. The MacBook Air's aluminum unibody design, which supports the main enclosure and the display, is as durable as ever. Its lid can be easily raised with a single hand and doesn't droop in any position, and you have to press really hard to detect flex on the machine's base or lid.It's also easy to clean with a damp cloth. If there's one drawback, it's that the aluminum body can scratch easily to leave permanent black marks, so you should consider buying a sleeve if you're going to sling it into a bag for transportation.The 13-inch MacBook Air is more interesting than the 11-inch model due to housing flash storage twice as fast as its predecessor – or so Apple claims.=====SPEC SHEET=====CPU: 1.6GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 (Turbo Boost up to 2.7GHz) with 3MB shared L3 cacheGraphics: Intel HD Graphics 6000RAM: 8GB 1600MHz DDR3Screen: 13.3-inch, LED-backlit glossy widescreen display (1440 x 900)Storage: 256GB PCIe-based flash storage (configurable to 512GB flash storage)Optical Drive: Not includedPorts: Two USB 3.0 ports (up to 5Gbps); Thunderbolt 2 port (up to 20Gbps); MagSafe 2 power port; SDXC card slotConnectivity: 802.11ac Wi-Fi networking; IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible; Bluetooth 4.0 wireless technologyCamera: 720p FaceTime HD cameraWeight: 1.35kgSize: 32.5 x 22.7 x 1.7 cm (W x D x H)One advantage of the MacBook Air versus the 12-inch MacBook is its wider selection of ports. On the left-hand side is a MagSafe 2 connector for power, one USB 3.0 port and a headphone jack. On the right is a Thunderbolt 2 port, another USB 3.0 port and a full-sized SDcard slot. The 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro doubles the number of Thunderbolt ports compared to the Air, and adds HDMI.macOS Sierra is the version currently shipping with Apple's 13-inch MacBook Air. It doesn’t divert too much from the visual style of its predecessor, OS X 10.11 El Capitan, but it does introduce a range of new features such as Siri, Continuity between your Mac and iOS devices and Apple Pay for expediting online purchases.Sierra has since been succeeded by macOS 10.13 High Sierra, though it doesn’t come with it out of the box – you have to download and install it yourself, for free. There aren’t many significant improvements by way of macOS High Sierra, save for better security, VR support down the road and refinements to the Photos app.That said, given that you don’t have to pay for it, macOS High Sierra is probably worth the 4.8GB hit to your data cap for the also-new Apple File System (APFS) alone. The new 64-bit file system brings native encryption and faster metadata operations to the table, making the MacBook Air quicker to use as a result.=====BUNDLED SOFTWARE=====For now, macOS Sierra ships with Apple's own iWork and iLife apps, including a modernized look for Garageband.These include:-iMovie-Garageband-Pages-Numbers-Keynote-Safari-Mail-Messages-FaceTimeIn addition to:-Calendar-Contacts-Notes-App Store-iTunes-iBooks-Maps-Photo Booth-Time Machine-Spotlight=====PERFORMANCE=====Manufactured on the 14nm fabrication process, the 13-inch MacBook Air's Broadwell CPU is a die shrink of Intel's 22nm Haswell chip. It means better battery life versus last year's MacBook Air models, although the gains aren't on the same scale as the switch from Ivy Bridge to Haswell. Still, battery life was staggering, clocking up more than 13 hours when looping a 1080p video over Wi-Fi.=====BENCHMARKS=====-Cinebench R15 Single Core: 103cb cb; Multi Core: 255 cb-Cinebench R15 OpenGL: 24.91fps-Geek bench 3 Single Core: 2,873; Multi Core: 5,768-Xbench (CPU and disk): 469.55-NovaBench (Overall): 634; Graphics: 42-Unigine Heaven 4.0 (Medium); FPS: 14.4; Overall: 438-Blackmagic Disk Speed test: Write average: 612.4 Mbps; Read average: 1302.4 Mbps-Battery, streaming 1080p video via Wi-Fi: 13 hours and 24 minutesBroadwell brings performance gains too, even if they're nothing to shout about. The MacBook Air scored 5,768 on Geekbench 3's Multi Core CPU test, representing a 9% gain over the 13-inch Air from 2014. However, it proved 20% slower than the 2.7GHz Core i5 chip in the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina, which is to be expected considering that machine's faster clock speed.Apple's claim that the 2015 Air's storage is twice as fast as the 2014 version stands up. The MacBook averaged write speeds of 612.4 Mbps, and average read speeds of 1,243 Mbps, which gives the MacBook Air MacBook Pro-level storage speeds for the first time.The MacBook Pro with Retina's Iris Graphics 6100 proved 38% faster than the MacBook Air's HD Graphics 6000 in Unigine Heaven 4.0's benchmark. That said, Intel's decision to allocate die space to graphics on the CPU has been paying off for some time, and the MacBook Air is capable of playing a wide selection of games on low-medium settings with the resolution dialled down - especially when installed on a Windows partition using Boot Camp.The MacBook Air cranked out a smooth 60FPS played at 1440 x 900 with the graphics on medium, while Skyrim managed the high 50s played at the same res with the graphics on low. If your intention is to play games, you'll want to invest in a decent headset as the MacBook Air's speakers are tinny and unsatisfying. Apple managed to squeeze an impressive amount of low and mid-range tones into the 12-inch MacBook's speakers, but it's yet to use the same technology in the Air.If the MacBook Air's consistency of design can grow stale over time, this reviewer is happy for the keyboard to remain unchanged. Its slightly convex keys are the best I've used yet on a computer, and that includes the new MacBook, Lenovo's ThinkPad notebooks and Logitech's well-regarded Mac keyboards. Even the MacBook Pro with Retina's keys, which are hardly uncomfortable, feel stiff in comparison. The keyboard is also backlit and easy to clean.The MacBook Air's trackpad is just as impressive, providing a smooth gliding action that makes executing OS X's trackpad commands a breeze. It's just a shame that Apple didn't carry over the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina's Force Touch Trackpad – it's once again regular two-button clicking action for owners of Apple's slimmer machine.Apple's decision to put a 480p camera in the 12-inch MacBook was a poor one, and thankfully it hasn't followed suited with the MacBook Air. At 720p it's up to the task of Skype and Google Hangout sessions, producing sufficiently clear and defined images.=====VERDICT=====Like a pair of old trainers, Apple's 2015 MacBook Air is boring, familiar, reliable and more than up to the task. If you don't need tons of screen real-estate (or a half-decent screen for that matter), or prefer to hook your laptop up to an external monitor, it remains the most solid all-rounder out there today, whether you're desk-bound or frequently travelling.The MacBook Air's stellar battery life remains best-in-class for a 13-inch laptop, and its keyboard is the best in the business. The addition of Thunderbolt 2 will go a long way if you own compatible peripherals. Its storage speeds hold up to Apple's \"twice as fast\" claims and will prove a boon for those who regularly copy information to their Mac's storage drive.New machine, same chassis. Apple's reluctance to give the MacBook Air a Retina display is wearing thin, and it's causing buyers to look at alternatives – even defecting to Windows in some cases. Its lack of personality is compounded by poor speakers, an unsightly bezel and large footprint. Simply put, the MacBook Air just isn't that cool anymore.Much faster storage and a better performing processor/graphics combo make this year's 13-inch MacBook Air a technically better machine than its predecessor, but unless you really need those gains it's not worth the upgrade. That's particularly so in the absence of any new features – such as the Retina MacBook Pro's Force Touch Trackpad.Elsewhere, it's business as usual: while the MacBook Pro with Retina is a faster than the Air and packs more features, Apple's lighter machine is no slouch. And while the Retina model is chunkier than the Air, it's not a great deal heavier and has a smaller footprint. With both machines residing in the same price bracket, the deciding factor is more likely to be how prepared you are to put up with the MacBook Air's outdated display.If this review was helpful, please consider clicking on the helpful tab. Thanks!Happy purchasing!"
"All works fine. No issues or defects till now. Its nearly more than a month from purchase. Nice packaging. Perfectly planned delivery."
"Really good performance. You can not get much on this price range. This is a quality product. The only downside is its storage because you gets only 100gb usable space. Get a portable hard drive then you will enjoy its class and performance."
"Exceeded the expectations!Lightning fast delivery!Super priced deal!5stars to seller!!"
"My best online purchase till date. I wonder why I even used windows computers over all those years. I am sure about one thing that I am not going to use any other computer other than mac in my life.You might want to consider buying a keyboard skin cover though."
"Update: Amazon/Cloudtail replaced the faulty Mac with new laptop and it is working fine. Thanks for great customer service by Amazon.Thanks Amazon for delivering in time. The laptop booted well in the first time, then onward (same day), it stopped working (not booting to the OS). I called Apple's customer care and after countless hours with Apple's service agent over phone, they concluded that the hardware is faulty. I immediately requested Amazon for the replacement. Now waiting for the replacement. Interestingly, Apple claimed that Amazon is not official partner of Apple to sale MacBook or iPad. They also claimed that there might be internal hardware damage due to mishandling at Amazon's warehouse. I am really baffled with Apple's response."
"warranty details are fine upgraded to high Sierra performing well.. not using it heavily but yes Best Buy for the price.  Will update again after usage"
"Worth buying. Good product. Packing was good. Delvered as scheduled. Recommended for purchase."
"Awesome laptop. Super slim. Great battery. Great screen. Working for hours does not harm the eyes, for some reason the low resolution screen seems very beneficial for eyes and long hours of work. Reading text and viewing movies/pictures both seem good and comfortable. I bought it during the sale for 44K. Ordered at 6 AM in the morning. Got it delivered by 7 PM in the evening. Same day delivery. Flawless service. Best laptop that I have seen and used since last 25 years. I like Windows. So immediately I installed Windows also in a separate partition. I have now both MacOS and Windows running on MacBook Air. MacOS is best for non-techie people. Amazing multi-touch trackpad. Keyboard with adjustable backlight is great. 128GB SSD memory makes both Windows and MacOS run very fast. I have also installed Visual Studio, SQL Server on Windows side. Performs very well. No issues at all even for coding work and resource hungry Visual Studio. Apple is great after all."
"Bought and upgraded to OS high sierra and used for 2 days and yesterday updated the software through apple store, immediately  OS got corrupted and later contacted apple support chat and it was of no use. Have left in the service centre today. Don't know what will be the fate. OS high sierra is not reliable."
"Really good product , can run adobe illustrator and other power hungry softwares with easeDon't miss itProduct build and design surely the best"
"perfect! Do check warranty of the product,if it's already started contact apple they will reset it. really i bought it for 55.5k and after few day price dropped to 45k ."
"My best purchase from Amazon yet. Totally value for money. Laptop speed is quite impressive, after all its a mac."
"NOTE: If the full review is not visible, then click on the review title to open the full review in a new tab.This is to address all the doubts and misconceptions amongst the windows ‘POWER USERS’ who are skeptical about shifting to mac. Read this review once and I bet you would end up with a deep urge to own this beast.for the note - I am a computer science engineering student, making visual effects and graphic designs is my hobby and I may have used almost any power/resource hogging application you can ever think of.NOW TO THE POINT-MISCONCEPTIONS -1. Macs are overpriced.WRONG.Macs are not overpriced. You get what you pay for(bear with the uncalled analogy here) if you go and buy a Ferrari, then you pay the hefty amount for the cost of expensive parts that make up the car, and a bit for brand name. MACS ARE THE FERRARIS OF THE LAPTOP WORLD.Just pick one up in any apple store and you will agree to agree.It is not difficult to say that no company today is able to produce what apple does. They just follow up.2. Macs and windows are different/ you cannot use macs if your company uses windows.WRONG.There are softwares like crossover which run most of the famous windows software in Macs without the need to install windows separately.For those who want to install windows separately, there is a pre installed application called bootcamp, which helps you dual boot the laptop with windows and mac. So you can run both mac and windows(one at a time) and the computer will be able to utilise all the resources in running the OS used at that time. Virtual machines are also an option but they do not use full resources of the laptop.Apple is a hardware AND software company. And just the hardware is enough to mesmerise you.and here hardware refers to the RETINA screen, slim and super sturdy build, best battery life and an out of the world trackpad, whose gestures can be controlled in any way you want using a software called better touch tool. So much possibilities, sky is the limit. And trust me, unless absolutely necessary, you yourself will not want to go back to windows after using OS X.3. Macs cannot run games.First of all, you never buy a mac to play games. But if you play occasionally, then it is possible.Inbuilt iris graphics(1.5gb) are enough to play any games a casual gamer can think of(that does not mean that you can crank watchdogs at ultra), here casual means casual. Say all ps2 games. I'm rocking Tekken 5 through PCSX2 at 60 fps.4. Macs have wifi problemsWRONG.I have only experienced connection drops when my router was bad, and it was experienced in all devices I own, nothing special about macs. And there is nothing as WIFI COMPATIBILITY. wifi is wifi. any devices which can catch wifi signals can use wifi as efficiently as others. Also, it catches signals from routers far off from my house, which my nexus 7 can’t catch. So another thumbs up.5. OS X user interface stuttersWRONG.Yosemite(which comes pre installed into these devices now) is still in early stages of development and Apple rolls out new updates to fix any bugs that may come in the way of the users after installing new os. Just keep your os updated and it will run silky smooth. So any stutter/lag/anomaly you may experience will be due to software which is constantly evolving, there is no hardware problem or impotent CPU. Also, if you notice lag only on some specific(and less famous) websites this is because they are not(yet) optimised for retina display and this will only get better in future as apple is shifting all of it's devices to retina display.6. Macs are less powerful for what they costWRONG.You want an example of power? My current cpu usage is 8% and 92% of it is sitting idle while I am writing this review in pages(an application like MS word for OS X, and it is pre installed, and it is better than word, and it is free) with 3 tabs open in safari and two background applications running(f.lux and better touch tool). Windows, beat that!!enough of misconceptions, now some DOUBT CLEARING FOR WINDOWS POWER USERS.DOUBTS -1. Are macs good for programming?ans- They are the best. Because mac os is based on unix, programming in them is just like/even better than programming on a linux machine. Linux is also unix based. You can write applications for OS X, IOS, Windows and android in a mac, but only for the latter two in windows.2. Are macs good for education?ans- They are the best. Because there are pre installed applications for almost all the utilities a student would need. The ones I love are ibooks,itunes U(where you can join courses, specifically for undergraduates), ilife suite, ability to use 16 different desktops at a time and sliding through them like a breeze. There is an inbuilt dictionary, when you want to look for the meaning of any word anywhere, just do a three finger tap on the word and the meaning in dictionary, in thesaurus, in wikipedia pop up in a box. There is also an application called grapher, which plots 2D and/or 3D graphs of any equation you type in the box provided. There is Magsafe 2 port which detaches itself from the laptop if a sudden force is applied on the wire, but strongly sticks there if you try to pull gently. And trust me on this, you will step on your charging wire. Magsafe comes in handy for that.3. Do macs last long?ans- If the one you received did not show any signs of manufacturing defect initially, then rest assured that they are going to last as long as the hardware becomes obsolete in the long run, only unless you are an unlucky chap with a bad logic board. Treat them well and they will serve you a very very long time. Just buy apple care in the first year and that makes the warranty from one year to three years(it does not cover battery though)TIPS TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR MAC -1. Do not cover the ports and spaces made for fans and keyboard too(if possible). These are the places from where heat is dissipated and/or fresh air is drawn for cooling. And any hardware which overheats does not last long. That does not mean you cannot cover it, just do not cover the places stated above, that is, do not cover any hole you see.2. Clean the dust off the keyboard and ports of fans frequently. That does not mean after every five minutes, but at least thrice a week. It does not take long, but assures longer life for your device.(I do it everyday before going to bed LOL)3. Use a screen protector!! I know retina screens are gorgeous but they are ultimately going to get scratched(accidentally). Any and every screen protector WILL degrade the screen quality a bit. But it’s something I can live with, decide for yourself.If screen protector is not your thing, then do not touch or let anybody touch or press the screen and clean it regularly.4. Silicon keyboard covers while using are a big no no. Apple exec told me this.5. Charge the laptop for short durations. Do not drain the battery all the way down to 0 from 100. This is bad for your battery. Even though Apple execs do not agree with this, but this is a general rule of thumb for Lithium Ion batteries. Batteries have to die ultimately, but you can slow down the process by treating them right.Charge in small splurges and try to keep it above 50% when possible. Do not think that using the laptop while running on ac supply with full battery will reduce your charge cycles and postpone the battery death. You are preponing it by doing so. Just like exercise is important for humans, it is for your battery too.6. Do not use google chrome, it consumes more battery(see in activity monitor)Use safari instead, it runs better.And after spending more than an hour writing this review and recollecting everything I think is helpful for new comers to the Apple family, I just want to say that take my word for it, YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH A MAC. And this price is too tempting. Just pick one up and if you do not like it you can return it before 10 days of delivery are up. As they say - <U+2028>ONCE YOU GO MAC, YOU NEVER GO BACKUPDATE 14/03/15About the screen protector - After using screen protector for a month, I decided to remove it because it added extra glare to the screen which significantly decreased the screen quality. First it felt like a trade off between safety and clarity, but then it didn't take long to realize that with a screen protector you are not enjoying what you paid big bucks for. So rather than protecting it, enjoy it to the fullest.Also, initially, the retina display appeared to be straining my eyes a bit, but after a few weeks, the eyes adjusted to it and now it feels like reading on paper, without any strain.UPDATE 02/11/17It has been almost 2.5 years and I am very happy with my purchase. Also, all the points listed above still hold true today. Hope this helped you guys!"
"I got this amazing peice of machinery at 45,000/- at the sale from amazon loving ever bit of it.Best buy ever."
"Very good price with in this price"
"Apple MacBook Air has been in my radar for a long time and I was unable to take the plunge. But when I saw the offer for < 45K with cashback of 1.5K and 6 months no interest emi, the decision to buy was easy. I think that this deal is the highlight of the great Indian sale.I was skeptical if it would be a old model. But when I received it I found the manufacturing date to be Aug 2017 and MRP to be 77.2K. Fantastic.I also got a great deal (549) on a sleeve from Amazon Basics to go with this laptop.All in all, a great offer supplemented with cash back and no cost emi, and fabulous one day delivery amazon.Perfect."
"After a long wait finally bought it. Mac is superb. Got a good deal for an exchange."

